1044513 : 3.1.7

`AssertionError in IntegrityCheckTest`

A bug in unit test code caused spurious assertion errors.

1044397 : 3.1.7

`IntegrityCheck throws ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException`

IntegrityCheck and the CLI ``pview`` command were not immune to
certain inconsistent byte patterns in a corrupt page, making them
inadequate for diagnosing a severely corrupted database.

1041293 : 3.1.7

`Mismatched buffer pool sizes and volume page size results in NPE`

Attempting to open a Volume with a valid page size S resulted in a
NullPointerException if there was no buffer pool having page size
S specified. This same condition how throws an IllegalStateException.

1043536 : 3.1.7

`Build fails: persistit-coverage hangs with deadlock`

A bug in a unit test left a deadlock condition under certain race
conditions. Speed variations caused by clover instrumentation
triggered frequent occurrences.

1036422 : 3.1.6

`CommitPolicy HARD can soak CPU`

With CommitPolicy HARD we observed a CPU-soaking loop in the commit
logic.

1032701 : 3.1.5

`Interrupt causes Thread to exit without releasing claims`

If a thread was interrupted at an inopportune time (for example,
by query cancellation in Akiban Server), a page in the buffer pool
could be left in a locked state blocking all further progress. The
only remedy was to stop and restart the JVM.

1028016 : 3.1.4

`Old Journal Files Not Being Deleted`

If a volume was removed from the configuration and Persistit was
then restarted, the associated journal files would not be removed
due to internal safety checks. To support intentional removal of a
volume, a new configuration option was added.

See the ``Detecting and Ignoring Missing Volumes`` feature description
for more details.


1024857,1026207 : 3.1.4

`Class Index Updates Causing Write-Write Dependencies`

Custom classes that are serialized into keys or values through a
custom KeyCoder or ValueCoder are given a unique identifier.  The
identifier was determined within an application transaction the
first time a class was written and stored in an internal tree.  This
would cause seemingly spurious aborts if multiple application threads
simultaneously attempted to store the first instance of a given
class. The identifier is now committed within an independent
transaction.

1028050,1028134 : 3.1.4

`Accumulator Memory Usage and Transaction Step Policy`

Each individual change to an Accumulator was previously stored as
an individual Delta object. For long running transactions that
heavily utilized Accumulators, this would cause excessive memory
usage. These unique instances are now eliminated in most scenarios,
resulting in stable memory utilization in all but pathological
cases.

Additionally, the Accumulator handling of the Transaction step value
was inconsistent with how it was treated through an Exchange.  Now,
both classes allow a transaction at a given step N to see any update
created by that transaction at a step less N.


1005206 : 3.1.2

`Infinite Loop When Repacking Buffer`

This could occur if a buffer required restructuring during pruning
of a long value that was previously stored under a transaction.
Upon the next save of this buffer to disk (e.g.  shutdown), an
infinite loop would occur.


1010079 : 3.1.2

`Corruption Exceptions During Various Operations`

NOTE: Only the message indicates a database corruption. The data
volume is actually correct and intact.

This could occur if pruning a buffer containing a long record
previously stored under a transaction required removal of keys and
then that buffer was reused without further modification. A parallel
structure associated with the every Buffer, the FastIndex, was not
maintained during this operation.

1012856 : 3.1.2

`Slow Accumulator Operations`

If a thread starting a new transaction was interrupted during the
call to begin(), there was a chance for an internal object to wind
up in an invalid state. This invalid state caused no visible
consequences other than slower than expected Accumulator actions
if this had occurred many times.


1017957 : 3.1.2

`B+Tree Corruption in Stress Test`

An extremely rare combination of events corrupted memory structures
causing an incorrect key-pointer pair to be inserted while deleting
records in a key range. The bug was detected in an 8-hour stress
test run.

1018526 : 3.1.2

`Very long recovery time due to many temporary tree IT records`

Every Tree created in a temporary volume was being assigned a tree
handle recorded permanently in the journal.  In one case the result
was a journal containing millions of IT (Identify Tree) records,
and these caused normal recovery to take a very long time. The fix
keeps temporary trees out of the journal and removes IT records
which may have been added previously.



